Work ExperienceCTO at Simbi.comOctober 2016 — March 2017.I led a small engineering team of a social-networking site aimed at facilitating barter economy at scale. Developed and deployed activity newsfeed library.CTO at Wanelo.comFebruary 2012 – November 2015 (3 years 9 months)I joined Wanelo right after Deena's (CEO, and a Founder) initial seed round of funding. Working at two jobs for a couple of weeks, I jumped into fixing site's continuous outages caused by its own popularity, and the unpreparedness of the first team of developers who worked on the first Wanelo "prototype".  After applying sufficient amount of "duck tape" allowed the company a few months of breathing room, I focused on establishing high-performance engineering practices within the newly formed team. Closely following the Pivotal Process, my team agreed to try full-time pair-programming, in addition to more familiar practices of continuous integration, daily deployments, and TDD. In just under two months that followed, with the team of six, we replaced the old Java app – 90K lines of code, no tests – with a compact Rails app – 10K LOC including tests.  We then brought live the new application, migrated data from MySQL to PostgreSQL, and swapped Cloud vendors all at the same time. With just one hour of planned maintenance. Full story: http://bit.ly/ONeXPbFrom the very beginning our cloud infrastructure is 100% automated with Chef (enterprise), and most of the software is covered by the automated tests. These two practices, introduced from the beginning enabled the company to avoid having to hire a dedicated Operations or QA teams. Cloud and CDN resources are now provisioned and configured by the developers, across a range of technologies and vendors. See the following presentation at RubyConf Australia 2015: http://bit.ly/1M8VE1T    Stack: Ruby, jRuby, Rails, PostgreSQL, Redis, the proxy, Nginx, haproxy, Solr, Memcached, Chef, Capistrano, Joyent Cloud, SmartOS, dTrace, Objective-C, iOS, Android, scaling, infrastructure automation.Acting Director of Engineering at ModClothAugust 2010 – February 2012 (1 year 7 months)ModCloth.com is an online clothing, accessories, and decor retailer recently featured as #2 fastest growing American company in the Inc 500 magazine —http://bit.ly/8ZGrurMy role combined both technical leadership as well as management of a 20+ person development team. Additionally, responsible for directing the company from monolithic application towards SOA, helping the team adopt Solr search engine, automate deployment, and many other higher level initiatives such as test driven development with continuous integration, paired programming, short and frequent release cycles, migration to the cloud, and zero downtime releases.  Stack: RoR, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Capistrano, Redis, Memcached, RSpec, SmartOS/SolarisCTO, Co-Founder at Drop In Media LLCSeptember 2008 – September 2010 (2 years 1 month)Industry: SMS/MMS, billing, premium messaging, carrier relations, carrier application development. In- house developed enterprise platform supports high volume SMS/MMS messaging, plug-in architecture for business logic, as well as billing and routing functionality similar to that of an SMS aggregator.Bootstrapped the company while working elsewhere part time. Later, transitioned into a full-time CTO role. In charge of all internal IT, Operations, Development, QA, technical integrations, evaluations, support for business development and marketing initiatives, as well as hiring and managing an internationally distributed team of developers for a company of about 10 people.  Was able to scale the messaging platform to support hundreds of thousands of paying subscribers. Products were featured on Verizon Mobile Deck.Stack: Java 1.6, Hibernate, Spring, JUnit, Linux, PostgreSQL 8 and 9CTO at Infectious.com, IncJune 2007 –May 2009 (2 years)Infectious was an art community and an online store, with a crowd-sourced content model built around modern art printed on adhesive vinyl. All aspects of technology, from operations, IT, engineering and hiring.Infectious.com Inc employed about 10 people.  Stack: RoR, PostgreSQL, RSpec, Capistrano, LinuxPrincipal Engineer, Web Development at BlurbMarch 2006–June 2007 (1 year 4 months)Lead Blurb's web team (four-five people team) in launching one of the first e-commerce applications on Ruby on Rails in 2006, in under four months, including data migration from the prototype.  Blurb.com received a Webby Award in 2007.  Stack: RoR, PostgreSQL, Java 1.6, Hibernate, Spring